my name is Jared Smalley I am the
general manager for Schrader Springfield
our main product in this facility is
tire pressure monitoring sensors this is
actually our end product and our main
customer for this facility is General
Motors in the last 12 months our main
product that we shipped to GM we have
zero ppm
today we have the capacity to build
about 8 billion sensors per year very
shortly we will be adding to that
capacity with the new laws that have
been passed in Europe and other pending
laws for other countries we're hoping to
gain a lot of the European business a
new European TPMS laws as the same laws
were passed in the u.s. that really
helped us grow our business the same
loss and Miskin passed in Europe
such manufacturing we are also the
distribution center for North America so
for a product that is manufactured in
the UK it is actually shipped here and
then we ship to all the Obie's at the
co-main advantage we have is it we're
just very conveniently located to most
auto assembly plants so for distribution
and for changes in orders we can react
very quickly and have parts to the
plants within hours
ultimately we plan on producing all the
North American product in our facility
right now there are three facilities
producing that so that equipment would
eventually come over here we would
supply product for North America and the
other two facilities would supply
product for the UK and European markets